[narr]
Nankatsu versus Musashi.
Look alive.
Now it's our turn.
Let's win this.
After seeing the match
between Meiwa and Furano,
I'm ready for some action!
Yeah!
[ann] We're still in
the semifinals.
The match between
Nankatsu and Musashi
is about to begin.
The players from
both teams are coming in.
-Ah!
-[chuckle]
You can do it, Jun!
-We love you
-so much, prince!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-We will win!
[ann]
This is the match
everyone's
been waiting for.
Finally, today's the day
we see these two teams
face off against
each other.
[Jun] Don't disappoint me,
Tsubasa.
[Tsubasa]
Misugi...
I will defeat you.
[narr] Episode 20:
Musashi's Secret Plan.
[ann] All of the players
are ready to go.
[whistle]
[ann] The fire in
these players' hearts
is burning wild
on the pitch.
Quickly, we have to
go cover him.
Yeah, we'll stop him.
[gasps]
Yoshikazu,
pass it to Minoru.
Here!
[gasps]
[ann] And Musashi
is running down the wing.
-I won't just let you.
-[pant] [grunt]
[grunts]
-It's all yours, Captain.
-[gasp]
[ann] Minoru Honma
cross passes to Misugi.
Quickly, Nakayama,
if we cover him,
he'll be useless.
It's your turn, Shinji.
What?
[gasp]
[ann]
This is incredible.
Misugi opens up
the pass to Shinji Sanada,
knowing he would
be marked.
-What did they do?
-No.
[chuckles]
I'm going to score.
[yell]
[ann] The goalkeeper
Morisaki
stops the header
with an impressive save.
[sighs of relief]
Damn, I missed.
[ann] It was a good
first attempt
by Team Musashi.
There's no doubt that
their captain's presence
invigorates the team.
[Tsubasa] He calculated
every movement
with precision.
Misugi is very impressive.
[grunt]
Taro!
Let's see how skilled
Musashi's players are.
You show them
who's boss, Taro!
[yell]
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
It's just like I thought.
Their movements are
way more precise
than any other team's.
-[panting]
-[panting] [grunt]
[growl]
Everyone, calm down.
When you talk about
playing in the wing,
you're talking about
my trademark.
Hey, everyone,
they're going to cross pass.
I'm alone.
Pass the ball.
Here.
[ann] Taki makes
a cross pass,
but the ball doesn't
go to Kisugi,
it goes to Ozora,
who's completely open.
Nankatsu managed
to trick Musashi.
Now, it's my turn.
I'm going to score,
Team Musashi.
-[yell]
-[gasp]
[ann] But Misugi
intercepts the ball.
Tsubasa couldn't shoot
the volley.
[gasps]
[grunt]
What're you waiting for,
Tsubasa?
Get the ball back.
Yeah, I'm coming after you,
Misugi.
[ann]
This is the first time
that the captains from
Musashi and Nankatsu
go head to head.
- This is a real
-Misugi,
- clash of titans.
-I love you!
- We'll see who'll
-Come on,
- come out on top.
-Tsubasa!
You can do it!
Let's go, he's all ours.
He won't get through us.
[ann] Misugi is
totally covered by Nankatsu.
What will he do now?
[growl]
Let's see if you can
handle this.
[grunts]
[ann] What prowess!
Misugi was
- able to shake them off.
-You're mine!
Tsubasa tries
a sliding tackle on Misugi.
[grunt]
[gasp]
[ann] But Misugi evades it
with a single jump.
[gasps]
[ann] Misugi gets ready
to shoot the ball and...
[grunt]
[ann]
He's blocked by Tsubasa
and the ball is sent flying.
What a great performance
- by Nankatsu's captain.
-[sighs] [grunt]
There's no doubt
that both captains
are brilliant in both
offense and defense.
[Jun]
You're incredible, Tsubasa.
Thanks to you,
I'll have to force myself
to give it my all
if I want to win this match.
[Tsubasa] You're impressive.
You're incredible.
I want to see your real
style of play, Misugi.
- If I want to win,
- I can't afford
- to lose focus,
- not for a second.
[cheering]
Jun...
[Mr. Misugi] I see you're
here too, my love.
[gasp]
[Ms. Misugi]
Don't tell me that he--
Yes.
Our son called me so I could
come and see him play.
Who told you about
the match?
He called me as well.
That must mean...
Yeah...
[Mrs. Ozora]
Roberto, is everything okay?
Huh?
Oh!
Why're you so serious?
Are you worried about
Tsubasa or what?
No, ma'am.
More like impressed.
That's all.
I'm realizing that he...
has...
grown so much in so little.
He's surpassed
all of my expectations.
So that means this match
won't be a problem at all,
right?
Well, there's a lot of other
young talented players
in the tournament
and they've showed
great skill.
But even then...
I doubt any of them
will get the best of him.
In that case,
he should already
be packing to go with you.
Right, Roberto?
Hmm...
I can't pass the ball
to anyone right now.
-Watch out!
-Be careful!
[gasp]
Where did that come from?
[ann] We're witnessing
the prince of the pitch
in action.
-[Jun] Hey, Akira!
-[panting]
I'm all open, Captain.
[yell]
[ann]
What a shame.
The ball makes impact
- with the crossbar.
-[growl]
[gasp]
It's okay.
That was a nice try, Akira.
Thank you.
Oh, my son.
Darling.
There are times
in everyone's life
where you have to push
your limits
to achieve your purpose.
That's the only way
to get ahead in life.
[sigh]
To Jun, this means...
more than just
a soccer match.
It's so important
that he wanted
both of us to witness it.
Hm...
If he won't dare
to challenge me,
well then...
[pant]
[ann] What's this,
ladies and gentlemen?
Misugi waits for Tsubasa
to go against him 1 on 1.
You can do it.
-[grunting]
-[ann] The prince is
confident going up
against Tsubasa.
[Jun]
Tsubasa...
You don't know how long
I've waited for this moment.
Finally, we can go
head to head.
[Tsubasa] I'm gonna take
the ball from you, Misugi.
[grunts]
[ann] It looks like Tsubasa
gets control of the ball.
-[groan]
-Huh?
-Oh!
-[groaning]
-I'm so sorry.
-[Taro] Come on, Tsubasa,
-wake up!
-Huh?
Oh, right!
[ann]
This is Nankatsu's
- opportunity.
-[panting] [grunt]
[ann]
Misaki passes it
- to Tsubasa Ozora.
-[groaning]
[grunt]
[ann]
But what a shame.
Tsubasa doesn't reach
the ball.
[growl]
I was so close.
What's wrong with you,
Tsubasa?
You could've kicked
the ball in your sleep.
[Jun] Tsubasa,
did you know already?
Did you know about
my heart condition?
Well, I don't need...
your pity.
[grunt]
I won't let you
think less of me!
Huh? How did he...?
I'm going to beat you...
No matter what happens.
[grunts]
He's incredible.
I won't let you get
anywhere near our goal.
[ann] The three defenders
from Nankatsu
close the gap to cover
the prince.
[grunts]
-You won't get through.
[ann] Ishizaki and Kishida
slide tackle
- at the same time!
-[grunt]
-Impossible!
[grunting]
[gasps]
[yell]
[gasp]
[ann]
Goal!
Misugi scores
in mid-air!
Misugi! Yeah!
-I love you!
-[ann] An excellent volley
from the prince of
the pitch himself.
He's just shown us why
he's part of the royalty.
Wow.
He's amazing.
[ann] And the scoreboard
reads 1-nothing
in favor of Team Musashi.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't stop him, guys.
He's incredible.
I couldn't even
react to him.
[Tsubasa]
Misugi is really amazing.
-Huh?
But don't sweat it.
The game isn't over
just yet.
We can still comeback
from this.
That's very true.
We still have plenty
of time to tie the match.
That's right.
Let's go get that goal.
We can't finish this half
without returning the favor.
-Yeah!
[ann]
And the match resumes.
Pay attention. They'll pass
the ball to Tsubasa.
Everyone, stay focused.
Mark him the best you can.
Yoshikazu and Osamu...
I want you to stick to him
like glue, you got that?
-Yeah!
[gasp]
-[grunt]
-Here, Taro.
[Taro] If they come head on,
I'll blow past them.
[gasps]
This can't be.
[gasp]
[ann]
Here comes Nankatsu's
famous golden duo
to the opponent's goal.
It's yours, Tsubasa.
Concentrate.
[grunt]
[ann] The ball goes
directly to Tsubasa.
Yeah, I got this.
[gasp]
[ann]
But Misugi
- intercepts the pass.
-Huh?
The golden duo's strategy
didn't work this time.
Go!
[ann] And now, Musashi
is counterattacking.
I won't let you guys
make fools of us,
you got that?
[yell]
[grunts]
Well said there, Mamoru.
Nankatsu isn't made of
just Taro and Tsubasa.
We're a team.
Hajime!
[grunt]
Exactly.
Nankatsu has 11 players
and they're all capable.
Listen up, I don't want
any of you
to let up the defense.
-We won't, Captain!
I'm open, Hajime.
Pass it here.
-It's all yours, Taro.
-[pant]
[ann] Nankatsu shows us
their great teamwork.
[Taro]
What do I do?
I can't pass it to Tsubasa
like this.
Teppei, It's your chance.
Prepare yourself.
I'll show you
what I'm made of, prince.
[yell]
[gasps]
[ann] Kisugi jumps
and dives
- with a header.
-[gasps]
[ann] There he is.
Tsubasa manages
to get away
and runs to the ball.
[Roberto]
It's your turn, Tsubasa.
Your team gave you
this opening.
Don't forget that
you're Nankatsu's scorer.
[Tsubasa] I won't disappoint
my teammates.
I will score.
I'm the Nankatsu's ace.
[ann] Oh, what
a beautiful sight.
Tsubasa jumps to
attempt an overhead kick.
[yelling]
[ann]
And that's a goal!
Everything happened
so fast,
the goalie
couldn't even keep up.
And Nankatsu ties
the scoreboard.
I did it, guys!
-Yeah!
-Good job, Tsubasa.
-What a goal,
-You did it.
-Tsubasa!
You're my idol, Tsubasa.
You're the best.
You did well, Tsubasa.
I don't have much left
to teach you.
[laugh]
What a great goal!
Father...
Mother...
I'm so excited.
My last soccer match is
against this amazing player:
Tsubasa Ozora.
Oh, my son.
Okay, team,
now's our opportunity.
Let's really show them
Team Musashi's true power.
-Yeah!
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[cheering]
[ann] Now, it's Musashi's
turn to counterattack.
Let's see if Nankatsu
can stop them.
Don't let him through,
Shingo.
Hey, Kazuya!
[grunts]
[ann] Captain Misugi
asks for a pass
from his teammate.
[grunt]
[ann] And now Misugi
is being covered
by Nankatsu's captain.
It looks like we're
about to see round two.
Tsubasa, tell me...
you already knew about
my heart condition, right?
-What?
-[grunt]
Just like I thought.
You already knew.
[ann]
What's going on?
- Tsubasa is petrified.
-[grunt]
-I got the ball.
-No, the ball is mine.
[grunts]
[ann] And we have
a mid-air battle.
-[growl] [scream]
-[scream]
[grunt]
I got it.
[ann] But the ball lands
right in front of
the goalkeeper,
Yuzo Morisaki.
Misugi, I didn't mean--
Tsubasa, please...
I just want to
ask you this...
Give it your all
in this match.
Of course I will.
[chuckle]
[ann] And we still
have a 1-1 tie.
What team will be
the first
to score another goal?
It seems like
they're evenly matched.
It's time, guys...
The next time they pass
the ball to Tsubasa...
-you know what to do.
-Oh...
-Yes, Captain!
Go ahead, Tsubasa!
-Let's win this!
Yeah, let's score
another goal.
Here, Taro.
[grunt]
There's no one
covering Tsubasa.
He's completely open
to take the shot.
Tsubasa!
[ann] And Misaki launches
a pass to Ozora.
[grunt]
[ann]
Tsubasa receives it.
He's completely open
to shoot.
Here it goes!
[grunt]
-[ann] It's in.
-Yeah, I did it!
Tsubasa kicks the volley
- and makes an easy goal!
-You did great, Tsubasa!
- What a spectacular play!
-What a great goal!
-That's it, Tsubasa!
-What a great play!
-[laughs]
-[whistle]
Huh?
What's wrong?
[ann] No, no, no.
Wait up, everybody.
The assistant referee
raises the flag.
He's calling the play
offside.
-What?
-Really? Offside?
[chuckles]
[ann] The offside
position rule...
When a player of
the opposite team
is receiving the ball
and he's not on
his side of the pitch,
and there's only one
player of the other team
in front,
between him and the ball...
It is considered offside,
making any play
afterwards totally annulled.
The offside trap consists
of taking advantage
of the position of
the opposing team's player,
and bringing
the defense forward,
forcing him into
the offside position.
This can't be...
Does this mean that
Team Musashi
knows about
the offside trap?
[pants]
Hajime!
Great, I'll score this time.
Tsubasa's open
in the danger zone.
Huh?
Here!
-[grunt]
-[whistle]
[ann] No, Tsubasa
is in the offside position.
He fell for
Musashi's trap once more.
[gasp] I was right.
They know it!
Damn your trap.
[narr]
Just like that,
Tsubasa was
completely engulfed
- in Musashi's terrible trap.
-[whistle]
-Huh?
[ann]
Offside again!
Tsubasa's once again
in the offside position.
[narr] The situation
decreased the morale
- in the ranks of Nankatsu.
-Ugh! Another offside foul?
Nankatsu is weak right now.
It's time to counterattack!
Follow me!
-Yeah!
[ann] And Musashi
initiates their offense.
[Jun]
Minoru!
[grunt]
-Uh... No!
-[ann] Honma receives it.
Sanada runs head first
to the penalty area.
[grunt]
No!
[groan] The ball is
my best friend.
Tell my family...
I... I love them.
[grunt]
The third time's the charm.
I'm going to score!
-[grunt]
-[ann] The goalkeeper
deflects the pass
with his fist.
Damn this goalie.
He did it again!
[ann] But wait a moment,
the ball's flying
directly to Misugi.
No!
Tsubasa...
Pay attention.
You're not the only one
who can make
a spectacular shot.
[pant]
[grunt]
[gasp]
An overhead kick?!
-[ann] Incredible.
-[yell]
The prince of the pitch
leaps in the air
to shoot
an overhead kick.
[yelling]
[scream]
[ann] The ball
touches the net.
[gasps]
[ann] Now, Team Musashi
is winning by a single goal.
-Yeah!
-[ann] This match
- has shifted gears
-Great goal!
- to Musashi's favor
-Well done, Captain!
thanks to the leadership
of Misugi.
-I love you, my prince!
-[whistle]
[ann]
And the referee whistles
the end of the first half.
Team Musashi
is leading the match
with two goals to
Nankatsu's one.
I can't believe it.
[narr] Team Musashi's
locker room.
[Fukuyama] Listen up,
you guys did well out there.
Keep it up
in the second half, guys.
-Yes, sir!
Hey, Jun,
is everything okay?
I'm okay. I'm going to play
the second half, coach.
All right then.
Excuse me, Yayoi,
can we talk?
Huh? Sure.
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room.
[Shiroyama]
What's wrong, guys?
You seem very distracted.
We're very sorry, Coach.
It's just that Team Musashi
is very strong.
We can't mark them all.
It's as if
his royal highness Misugi
had eyes in the back
of his head.
Yeah,
he's a talented player.
And it's true that
he's a real prodigy
on the playing field, guys.
But thankfully, soccer is
a team sport, okay?
There's no one out there
that's better at teamwork
than us.
Right, Tsubasa?
Uh...
Yeah, but um, Misugi...
is really strong, Coach.
Tsubasa,
did you hit your head?
Tsubasa, why're you
saying that?
Yeah, what's wrong?
[Tsubasa] He's a way
better player than I am.
The way that...
that he leads his team
is a million times better
than mine is.
There's no comparison.
On top of that,
he's doing it
despite his heart condition.
I think...
that...
that I won't be able to win.
Captain, what is that
you wanted to
talk to me about?
[slap]
[gasp]
What gave you the right
to tell Tsubasa
about my heart condition?
[gasp]
Um...
You had no right
to do that, Yayoi.
Now it's your fault that...
Tsubasa lost his will
to face me head on.
Uh...
[Jun] I know that you
found out about
my condition by accident...
And ever since,
you've worried
and taken care of me...
But this match today...
is only between
Tsubasa and I.
Don't you meddle in
my business again.
[gasp]
Captain, I'm so sorry.
I mean it.
Hmm...
Hey, what's wrong with you,
Sanae?
We can still win this.
There's a second half
left to play.
Mhm.
-But if Nankatsu wins
-Huh?
the national tournament
this year,
Tsubasa will go and
play soccer in Brazil.
It sucks to say,
but there's a part of me
that wishes Tsubasa
would lose.
If he loses, then I can be
by his side a bit longer.
-What?!
[ann] The second half
is about to get started.
[narr]
This is the first time
Tsubasa's ever had
insecurities
about his ability
as a player.
- His confidence in his play,
-[whistle]
and his passion
for soccer...
have been overshadowed
by the prince of the pitch.
Something is wrong.
He normally smiles
when he's playing.
Hmm...
Okay, let's play ball.
Tsubasa!
[ann] Misaki
makes a long pass
directly to Tsubasa.
[pants]
-[grunt]
-Huh?
[ann]
But what's this?
Tsubasa never misses,
but he just lost the ball.
-Yeah, it's mine.
-No!
What are you doing, Tsubasa?
You promised to face me
giving it your all.
I'm sorry, Misugi.
Everyone to the goal.
Guys, come back to defend.
Don't let them gain ground.
Stop them!
-[yell]
-[grunt]
You're not getting the ball.
But I will.
[grunts]
[ann] And Misaki
takes the ball.
By some miracle,
Team Nankatsu manages
to get control of the ball.
[Jun] I already took into
account that Taro Misaki
is a key player
in your team.
But even then,
Nankatsu's main scorer...
is you...Tsubasa.
I'm begging you...
Don't do this to me.
Don't make me regret
having chosen you
as my last rival.
It's raining.
-[Hanji] Tsubasa, wake up!
-Huh?
-It's yours. [grunt]
-Oh!
[grunt]
Tsubasa, face me.
I'm sorry.
Wake up already.
Huh?
[ann]
What's going on?
Tsubasa passes it
to Misaki.
You can do it, Nankatsu!
Go ahead, Golden Duo!
Tsubasa, you--
[ann]
What's happening?
Tsubasa is standing
completely still.
[Tsubasa]
Misugi...
I just can't do this.
Why aren't you moving?
[gasp]
[ann] Misugi steals
the ball from Misaki.
[gasp]
What're you waiting for,
Tsubasa?
Face me head on.
I don't need your pity.
[Tsubasa]
I just can't.
[Jun] I'm begging you,
Tsubasa, do something.
I want you to try
and stop me.
[Tsubasa]
I can't move.
[ann]
This can't be.
Tsubasa lets Misugi
blow past him.
[gasp]
So be it.
Tsubasa!
Tsubasa, no!
There's no point.
I will never be able
to beat Misugi.
[sobs]
-[scream]
-[ann] Musashi scores
once more!
Now Nankatsu
finds themselves losing
by a two goal margin.
I'm disappointed, Tsubasa.
[ann] It looks like
Nankatsu's Captain
isn't the same player from
- the start of the match.
-Uh...
His inaction has spread
uncertainty into the team.
Will this really
be the end for Nankatsu?
[Jun] Is this really all
Nankatsu's got?
Huh?
All of you in that team
turned out to be
total failures.
I won't lose my time
with you, guys.
Listen up,
attack them with every
ounce of strength you have.
Destroy what little pride
that mediocre team
has left in them.
-Yeah!